README.md, before:

# MemeSeek
Seemless meme template delivery.

Meme templates serve as a neutral foundation to convey ones idealogy in a digestable manner
## Installation
From the root directory install the packages with the command `npm run install`

run the app with `npm run dev`

confirm the app is running in the browser [localhost:3000](localhost:3000)

### TODOS
 - decide on image directory design pattern and implement it
  Make it modular enough to migrate from file system to S3\
  `current pattern: templates/memename/variation.jpg 
                ex templates/yeschad/yesChadOriginal.jpg`


 - Catalog image files with useful metadata to enhance content delivery to users
  add a feature to directly post to social media from editor\ 
 ` current pattern: A JSON is loaded from the file system. this should be migrated to a database and processed by an ORM`

- write Drizzle calls for catalog api

- HUGE TASK migrate backend to  Nestjs once the backend api has outside users

- find documentation package for nextjs [nextjsswagger](https://www.npmjs.com/package/next-swagger-doc)

- Find efficient way to source quality meme template images

- Make decision on image hosting/serving.  All images should have a reduced size for the catalog thumbnails

- Update favicon, logo, and all things branding related

- create post calls for uploading templates

- implement logger


### Random notes
nextjs tailwind styling
trpc for typesafe api with drizzle orm
t3 app style:

pushing a commit to test vercel githook deployment

Decide on userbase interactions: template editor, template upload, user statistics(scoreboard), user profile(links to social media)

Commit message:

implemented swagger ui for api doc

README.md, after:

# MemeSeek
Seemless meme template delivery.

Meme templates serve as a neutral foundation to convey ones idealogy in a digestable manner
## Installation
From the root directory install the packages with the command `npm run install`

run the app with `npm run dev`

confirm the app is running in the browser [localhost:3000](localhost:3000)

### TODOS
 - decide on image directory design pattern and implement it
  Make it modular enough to migrate from file system to S3\
  `current pattern: templates/memename/variation.jpg 
                ex templates/yeschad/yesChadOriginal.jpg`


 - Catalog image files with useful metadata to enhance content delivery to users
  add a feature to directly post to social media from editor\ 
 ` current pattern: A JSON is loaded from the file system. this should be migrated to a database and processed by an ORM`

- write Drizzle calls for catalog api

- HUGE TASK migrate backend to  Nestjs once the backend api has outside users

- find documentation package for nextjs [nextjsswagger](https://www.npmjs.com/package/next-swagger-doc)

- Find efficient way to source quality meme template images

- Make decision on image hosting/serving.  All images should have a reduced size for the catalog thumbnails

- Update favicon, logo, and all things branding related

- create post calls for uploading templates

- Set up environment variables to set log levels in project

- OPEN SOURCE CONTRIBUTION OPPPORTUITY: next-swagger-doc current version incompatible, rolled back to 0.4.0

### Random notes
nextjs tailwind styling
trpc for typesafe api with drizzle orm
t3 app style:

pushing a commit to test vercel githook deployment

Decide on userbase interactions: template editor, template upload, user statistics(scoreboard), user profile(links to social media)
